Monster Office "Board" Game:

1) Two Deck Types:
    1) Work (Resource) Cards
    2) Project Cards: Represents project tiles.

2) Grid map to which project tiles are played.
    1)  Player must place to a valid space, if available.
    2)  If no space is available, then the player chooses how projects shift.
        1)  The player must shift the least amount of projects.
3) Projects require different resources by type and number/quantity.
    1) When meeting project requirements, place a token on the card stack
    2) Points are earned upon project completion by project rewards (Listed on the project tile.).
    3) There are 6 "colors" of resources with the following quantities:
        1) 1 card with quantity of 5.
        2) 2 cards with quantity of 4.
        3) 3 cards with quantity of 3.
        2) 4 cards with quantity of 2.
        1) 5 cards with quantity of 1.
4) Actions:
    1) Draw Project: only 1.
    2) Play Project: only 1.
    3) Draw Resources: 3 resources.
    4) Play Resources: As many as available.
5) Setup:
    1) Each player gets 3 resource cards, and 1 project card.
    2) Before the game, each player plays their project card.
    3) Going first:
        1) Each player plays 1 card face down and everyone reveals at once(do not discard).
        2) The highest non-common card (ties are elminated), goes first.
        3) In the case that everyone ties, perform rounds until someone wins.
        4) If all cards are played, then 1 card is dealt to each player face up until a winner occurs.
        5) Each player keeps the cards he/she is dealt.

6) Restrictions
	1) Hand Limit: each player has a hand limit of 6 cards.
	2) Workhorse: the player with the lowest score has no hand limit.
		1) A player with a score of zero counts as a Workhorse.
		2) People tied for Workhorse are all Workhorses.
	3) Workhorse is evaluated at each person's discard phase, i.e. a player only discards if they are NOT a workhorse
		at THEIR discard phase.
5) Scoring:
	1) A player gets 1 point for each card contributed to a project that has been completed.
	2) A player gets 1 point for completing a project's color set (exactly) once the project has been completed.
	3) A player gets a number of points equal to the number of color sets on the project tile,
		for being the one to complete a project.